docs: clean up README.md and status.md (#99)
Stedi/jsonata-rs: README.md

## Tests

> Reference JSONata contains an extensive test suite with over 1000 tests. Currently, this implementation passes almost 800 of these. You can run them like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference JSONata contains an extensive test suite with over 1,000 tests. Currently, this implementation passes almost 800 of these. You can run them like this:
```
